Add the note on the app variant importance (#35)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin: docs/upload_mapping_file.md

```bash
./gradlew uploadMappingRelease
```

> **Note**: If your project uses additional flavors, the plugin will provide an upload task for each variant with obfuscation enabled. In this case please also make sure to initialize SDK with a proper variant name (the necessary API is available since version `1.8.0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If your project uses additional flavors, the plugin provides an upload task for each variant with obfuscation enabled. In this case, initialize SDK with a proper variant name (the necessary API is available since version `1.8.0`).
```

```bash
./gradlew uploadMappingRelease
```

> **Note**: If your project uses additional flavors, the plugin will provide an upload task for each variant with obfuscation enabled. In this case please also make sure to initialize SDK with a proper variant name (the necessary API is available since version `1.8.0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If your project uses additional flavors, the plugin provides an upload task for each variant with obfuscation enabled. In this case, initialize SDK with a proper variant name (the necessary API is available since version `1.8.0`).
```
